# LetThemEatCake
  Hello, World!
    I hope your visit has offered a glimpse in how I jumped on the vibe-coding trend before it was given a stupid name and looked down upon.  I am grateful for there to be tools that place so many great curious ways of interacting with the digital world more accessible for everyone to freely learn and develop silly ideas full of imagination and bold intension marred down in the mud trying to steer an overly eager idiota deGPT, who unbeknownst to him is almost the complete history of mankind with all of its flaws and errors to scrape the best anser for and request utilizing mankinds ugly mirror, the Internet..  Large Language models, often mentioned with the popular term Artificial Intelligence though it is a perversion of and  it scorns intelligence for lazinessbut it may as well be Artificial Insemination for all the good that naming convention had on the final working product. It's like a great and powerful genieconstantly advertising and f-ccong up a service that has the potential to really transform how we build and design everything by making it more accessible yo understand and blahnot. And if I have to listen to another "Breaking the Matrix" or "Last Stand" new age pep speech instructing me on all of the ways this is not a thing that was never any confusion of being mistaken for, because it is the only template in their scraping of Independence Day speech notes from, the movie, why I think I'm going to scream. This isn't just another frustrated engineer frustrated with his understanding of code, this is the frustration of years and years of buraeucracy weaponized to wear you down with its imposition on your time and intensions on your use of it. IT intensionally obfuscates the very code it is advertised to beat out its competitors on intesting on speed tests and capability. I would gladly wait 15 seconds go by while it is compiling a well researched answer to a prompt if i never have to watch it immediatelly launch into a tirade of words that word together and stitch strings of charachters what it thinkls is a reasonable approximatoin of my desired output with a word salad sandwich and some dad jokes that would make any dad cringe their cringiest shrug of disapproval This model of showing the good people a taste of what could be a beautiful addition to intelligent tools, instead, gets coupled with red tape and stipulations when prompting describes the exact manner and way for a simple task to be carried out. Sometimes so bad is the butchery, the only thing that is a sure thing is the lines and the arrows pointing to the correct way of looking at the layout, language, usecase, wil be the very first things considered and quickly dismissed in favor of the very thing you explicitly warned against in your wishes. Rant Over    enjoy this fancy visually compelling way of thinking about the code as what it really is. Well, Not 100% but close approximations. I hope you can appreciate the effort. I had to think for an extended period of time about things and where to place them in these stupid brackets with proper syntax and arguments with variable component bone head out.
